NF: add an IDE help (#481)
rust-embedded/discovery: microbit/src/03-setup/IDE.md

> # Getting the best of your IDE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Getting the most out of your IDE
```

> All codes in this book works assume that you use a simple terminal to build your code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All code in this book assumes that you use a simple terminal to build your code,
```

run it, and interact with it. It also makes no assumption about your text editor.

However, you may have your favourite IDEs, providing you auto-complete, type annotation,

> your preferred shortcuts and much more. This section explains how to get the best

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your preferred shortcuts and much more. This section explains how to get the most out
```

of your IDE using the code obtained from this book's repo.

# Auto-completion, type annotation, and more

> Some IDEs fail to understand the code, because it fails to determine whether a term

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some IDEs fail to understand the code, because they fail to determine whether a term
```

> is defined in microbit or microbit-v2 codebase. If you fail to get auto-completion to work,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is defined in the microbit or microbit-v2 codebase. If you fail to get auto-completion to work,
```

you may want to try to edit the `Cargo.toml` files you encounter through this book, and remove
all references to the version of microbit you are not using. That is:

> * in Cargo.toml you must remove the dependency and feature you do not use
> * in code, you must remove the part of the code guarded by `#[cfg(feature = "vI")]`, and the guard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 in the `Cargo.toml` file you must remove the dependency and features you do not use (the part guarded by `#[cfg(feature = "vI")]` and the guard itself)
```

> # IDEs configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# IDE configuration
```

> Below, we explain how to configure your IDE to get the best out of this book.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, we explain how to configure your IDE to get the most out of this book.
```

If your IDE is not listed below, please improve this book by adding a section, so that the next

> reader get the best experience out of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reader can get the best experience out of it.
```

## How to build with IntelliJ

> When editing IntelliJ build configuration, here are a few non-default values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When editing the IntelliJ build configuration, here are a few non-default values:
```

> * you should edit the command. When this book tells you to run `cargo embed FLAGS`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You should edit the command. When this book tells you to run `cargo embed FLAGS`,
```

> you'll need to replace the default value `run` by the command `embed FLAGS`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need to replace the default value `run` by the command `embed FLAGS`,
```

> * You should check "Emulate terminal in output console". Otherwise, your program will fail to print text to a terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You should enable "Emulate terminal in output console". Otherwise, your program will fail to print text to a terminal
```

> * You should ensure that the working directory is `microbit/src/N-name`, with `N-name` the directory of the chapter you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You should ensure that the working directory is `microbit/src/N-name`, with `N-name` being the directory of the chapter you
```
